docs: PCP-4154: Autoscaler Cleanup for Backports (Excludes Azure IaaS) (#5925)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/clusters/cluster-management/node-pool.md

| **Node pool name**              | A descriptive name for the worker pool.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |

> | **Enable Autoscaler**           | Scale the worker pool horizontally based on its per-node workload counts. The **Minimum size** specifies the lower bound of nodes in the pool, and the **Maximum size** specifies the upper bound. Setting both parameters to the same value results in a static node count. Public clouds (AWS and GCP) and private data centers (VMware, OpenStack, and MAAS) use the Cluster API [autoscaler](https://github.com/kubernetes/autoscaler/blob/master/cluster-autoscaler/cloudprovider/clusterapi/README.md) tool; AKS uses the [Azure autoscaler](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/cluster-autoscaler?tabs=azure-cli) tool, which is based on the Cluster API autoscaler. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Enable Autoscaler**           | Scale the worker pool horizontally based on its per-node workload counts. The **Minimum size** specifies the lower bound of nodes in the pool, and the **Maximum size** specifies the upper bound. Setting both parameters to the same value results in a static node count. Public clouds (AWS, Azure, and GCP) IaaS clusters and private data center (VMware, OpenStack, and MAAS) clusters use the Cluster API [autoscaler](https://github.com/kubernetes/autoscaler/blob/master/cluster-autoscaler/cloudprovider/clusterapi/README.md) tool; Azure AKS uses the [Azure autoscaler](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/cluster-autoscaler?tabs=azure-cli) tool, which is based on the Cluster API autoscaler. |
```
maybe?

Author: Yes, except this one I need to leave Azure out of, because Azure IaaS autoscaling is not supported until 4.6.a. Which is why I had to make two separate PRs.

## Change a Node Pool

You can modify node pools for existing clusters. This includes changing the node pool's taints, adjusting the node
repavement interval, modifying the number of compute instances in the node pool, activating or disabling autoscaler, and

> more. To make changes to an active cluster's node pools, follow the steps below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
more. To make changes to an active cluster's node pool, follow the steps below.
```
